README.md, before:

Ensure:
- You have the Infinite Flight Connect setting checked on.
- Both devices are connected to the same network.

IF YOU WANT TO USE AN EXE FILE
- Open the /executables folder and find your system exe.
- Open it and click download. If your system gives you crap about running an unsigned exe you can run it anyway.
- Unless you don't trust me, then don't. You can also look at the code yourself if you wish. OR run it with node directly.

IF YOU WANT TO RUN USING NODE
- Dowload node.js: https://nodejs.org/en | You do not need to install anything else but Node itself.
- Download the code by clicking the green CODE button, and download zip.
- Extract the folder to wherever you like. If you are updating, delete the old folder first.

USAGE INSTRUCTIONS

Double click your exe OR run "node index.js" in your terminal in the folder you extracted.
- You should see a message saying it is ready.

Open your browser and go to localhost:8080. Or double click localhost.
- You should see it say connected.

If you know the IP address of your device, enter it. If you don't, just click connect.
- You need to use private addresses, i.e. the ones starting with 192.168. Public addresses do not distinguish individual devices.
- It will autofill 192.168 if you only enter the last two digits and also add .1. if you only put the very last.

Once it says it's ready and the options appear, Enjoy.

Feel free to report any issues here on github or dm them to me on discord at Kitick#5380.

Commit message:

Added start.bat back at updated readme

README.md, after:

Ensure:
- You have the Infinite Flight Connect setting checked on.
- Both devices are connected to the same network.
- If using an IP address, ensure it is the correct private address. (i.e. starting in 192.168)
- Currently there is an issue with the execuatbles finding packets, so enter the device IP manually.

IF YOU WANT TO USE AN EXE FILE
- Open the /executables folder and find your system exe.
- Open it and click download. If your system gives you crap about running an unsigned exe you can run it anyway.
- Unless you don't trust me, then don't. You can also look at the code yourself if you wish. OR run it with node directly.

IF YOU WANT TO RUN USING NODE
- Dowload node.js: https://nodejs.org/en | You do not need to install anything else but Node itself.
- Download the code by clicking the green CODE button, and download zip.
- Extract the folder to wherever you like. If you are updating, delete the old folder first.

USAGE INSTRUCTIONS

Double click your exe OR if using node double click start.bat OR run "node index.js" in the terminal from the api folder.
- You should see a message saying it is ready.

Open your browser and go to localhost:8080. Or if using node, double click localhost.
- You should see it say connected.

If you know the IP address of your device, enter it. If you don't, just click connect.
- It will autofill 192.168 if you only enter the last two digits and also add .1. if you only put the very last.

IMPORTANT NOTES:
- If it takes longer than 10 seconds to find a packet it usually means it will not find it at all.
- Directly connecting usually takes less than a couple seconds, if it is stuck on attempting connection there may be an issue
- Check the notes at the top

Once it says it's ready and the options appear, Enjoy.

Feel free to report any issues here on github or dm them to me on discord at Kitick#5380.
